RHDEVDOCS-6889: CQA 2.0: Configure (#103651)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-build-run-status.adoc

= Build run status

[role="_abstract"]
Monitor the progress and completion of your image builds by checking the status of the `BuildRun` custom resource (CR).
A BuildRun CR stores status information in the status.conditions field. This field includes the status, the reason for that status, and a descriptive message. For example, a Succeeded condition type means the build finished successfully.

The following examples show how to view the status of a specific BuildRun CR.

Unknown status::

> An Unknown status indicates the build is still starting or in progress. The following examples shows `BuildRun` with `Unknown` status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Unknown status indicates the build is still starting or in progress. The following example shows a `BuildRun` with `Unknown` status:
```
